[docs] Add missing config plugin documentation for expo-splash-screen (#20952)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/splash-screen.mdx

}
```

## Configuration

### Expo config

> To configure `expo-splash-screen`, use the built-in [config plugin](/guides/config-plugins) in the Expo config (**app.json** or **app.config.js**) for [EAS Build](/build/introduction) or with `npx expo run:[android|ios]`. The plugin allows you to configure the following properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure `expo-splash-screen`, use the built-in [config plugin](/guides/config-plugins) in the [Expo config](/workflow/configuration/) for [EAS Build](/build/introduction) or with `npx expo run:[android|ios]`. The plugin allows you to configure the following properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect:
```

I think we can just link to the Expo config page rather than specifying file names here. It's a small thing that we are trying to avoid with new info.

<ConfigPluginProperties
  properties={[
    {
      name: '<platform>.backgroundColor',
      description: 'Color to fill the splash screen screen background.',
    },
    {
      name: '<platform>.resizeMode',
      default: 'contain',
      description: 'Resize mode to render the splash screen image on a device, must be one of "cover", "contain" or "native".',
    },
    {
      name: '<platform>.image',
      description:

>         'Image to render on the splash screen, must be a png file. Both local paths or remote URLs are supported.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'Image to render on the splash screen, must be a PNG file. Both local paths or remote URLs are supported.',
```

There is an inconsistency in this table for using "png". Let's stick to "PNG file" as per our [writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#abbreviations) or just .png.

    },
    {
      name: '<platform>.dark.*',
      description: 'Dark mode specific configuration for the splash screen, defined as nested object, with the same properties without the ".dark" prefix.'
    },
    {
      name: 'ios.tabletImage',
      platform: 'ios',
      description:

>         'Image to render on the splash screen on tablets, must be a png file. Both local paths or remote URLs are supported.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'Image to render on the splash screen on tablets, must be a PNG file. Both local paths or remote URLs are supported.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'android.mdpi',
      platform: 'android',

>       description: 'The natural sized image, or baseline, of the splash screen image, must be a .png file.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'The natural sized image, or baseline, of the splash screen image, must be a PNG file.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'android.hdpi',
      platform: 'android',

>       description: 'The 1.5x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a .png file.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'The 1.5x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a PNG file.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'android.xhdpi',
      platform: 'android',

>       description: 'The 2x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a .png file.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'The 2x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a PNG file.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'android.xxhdpi',
      platform: 'android',

>       description: 'The 3x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a .png file.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'The 3x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a PNG file.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'android.xxxhdpi',
      platform: 'android',

>       description: 'The 4x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a .png file.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'The 4x scale of the sized image of the splash screen image, must be a PNG file.',
```

    },
  ]}
/>

Here is an example of using the config plugin in the Expo config file:

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    "plugins": [
      [

>         "expo-splash-screen",

Reviewer 2: My only concern here would be if you used expo-splash-screen as a plugin and didn't define the standard values, would nothing show up in Expo Go?

Author: Yeah, if you only use a config plugin, Expo Go wouldn't be affected. I reused the standard plugin definition we have from notifications, but I see your point.

Maybe we could get away with just the XDL schema. That's populated on the "app.js / app.config.js" page, and described. But, visibility for the user might be lacking if you don't know where to look.

        {
          "android": {
            "resizeMode": "contain",
            "backgroundColor": "#FFFFFF",
            "image": "./assets/splash-android.png",
            "dark": {
              "backgroundColor": "#000000",
              "image": "./assets/splash-android-dark.png"
            }
          },
          "ios": {
            "resizeMode": "contain",
            "backgroundColor": "#FFFFFF",
            "image": "./assets/splash-ios.png",
            "dark": {
              "backgroundColor": "#000000",
              "image": "./assets/splash-ios-dark.png"
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    ]
  }
}
```

<ConfigClassic>

> Learn how to configure notifications with the app manifest `splash` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on configuring notifications with the app manifest `splash` properties:
```

- [`splash`](../config/app.mdx#splash)
- [`android.splash`](../config/app.mdx#splash-2)
- [`ios.splash`](../config/app.mdx#splash-1)

</ConfigClassic>

<ConfigReactNative>

> Learn how to configure the native projects in the [installation instructions in the `expo-splash-screen` repository](https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-splash-screen#-installation-in-managed-expo-projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See how to configure the native projects in the [installation instructions in the `expo-splash-screen` repository](https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-splash-screen#-installation-in-bare-react-native-projects).
```

I think the link is supposed to redirect the user to the bare React Native section?
